Let's look in a bit more detail about how we do routing with the ALP and the NHLBI.
So let's say we have multiple subnets here and we've launched instances in different subnets now.
HD subnets is also in a different ISEE.
We then create our target groups.
So we have TG one, TG two and TG Free.
The target group is used to route requests to the registered targets, so the instances in the target
group.
We then have an application load balancer and a roll is configured on the listener, an albee's will
listen on TCP or HTTPS.
We now have a client and the client slips into their browser example, dot com slash specials.
The connection goes to the ALP and the ALP forwards on to Target Group one.
So the request is actually being routed to the target group based on the path in the URL.
So the path is what comes after the slash here in this case specials.
The user now typed in slash orders and in this case, the connection goes through to the ALP.
It inspects the path in the HTTP layer and then it forwards that connection request onto Target Group
two, because that's configured in path based routing.
So path based routing is one option.
The other is house based routing.
So in this case, the user types in members dot example dot com and the connection gets routed to Target
Group three.
In this case, the request is being routed based on the host field in the FTP header.
So the members dot example dot com, that's the host header, whereas this is the path.
So that's the difference between path base and host based routing targets can be easy to instances IP
addresses, lambda functions or containers.
Next, we have the NHLBI again, we have free subnets, and in this case, we have six instances and
two target groups.
We've got a network load balancer and we're going to assign an elastic IP in each subnet.
So with load balances, this is really the logical load balancer.
The real load balancer is actually the nodes that the NHLBI service will create in each subnet.
So within each day, it needs to have some nodes.
Those are the ones that the connections get forwarded to.
And then on from there to your instances.
So in this case, you can have an elastic IP in each of these subnets.
The NHLBI will listen on TCP, TLC, UDP or TCP UDP.
So again, we have a client, the client puts an example dot com and they get connected to Target Group
one.
The next example the client puts in example dot com, but they put in colon HKT.
That's a different port number.
So the A.P. can't route the way that an Albi can based on the path, like the slash specials or the
members dot example dot com.
But when something comes into a different port number, a different listener can pick it up.
So you have a separate listener on a unique port and then that will get forwarded to Target Group two.
In this case, remember requests are being routed based on IP protocol data.
For the NHLBI, the targets can be easy to instances or IP addresses.
Targets can also be outside of of the APC, so you can have on premises instances.
You might have those connected over a virtual private network or direct connect.
And that's it for this lesson.
I'll see you in the next lesson.